today I'm going to cover my nature's
head vent fan version 1.1 the first
version was kind of compliments
complicated if you remember I moved it
outside under the trailer to reduce some
of the noise of that little bitty muffin
fan it's kind of overly complicated i
had a lot of questions on the blogs and
it workshops and had some suggestions
good suggestions on the blog about one
way to make the fan quieter was to use a
larger fan so what I've got planned
today is I'm going to try another
version of the vent fan again moving it
outside making it quieter and waterproof
and maintenance-free so what I've got
here I got a larger fan next size up
online whatever voltage you need a
regular junction box Lowe's Home Depot
little plastic box and a vent so the
plan is to mount this fan in the box
just using some packing foam to insulate
it cut a hole in the lid mount the
screen on it and then this whole
assembly will mount be mounted under my
house with the hole from the nature span
nature's head that goes through the
floor injuring the box it'll be outside
weather-tight quieter I hope and
moisture-resistant so I'm going to make
some cuts and I'll be right back to show
you how it goes together okay I've
prepared the parts made a large hole in
the back of the box and I've made the
same size hole in the lid and install
the screen I use the hole saw to do this
with and here's a tip for you run the
bit backwards on this plastic the teeth
are too aggressive on the plastic and
it's going to bite in there and buck and
fight you running backwards it actually
goes smoother and faster so now the plan
I've wrapped a little bit of packing
tape our packing foam around the fan so
i'll drop the wire through
insert the fan in there and it makes a
nice tight enough fit that it's going to
be channel the air in the right place
and it should provide a little vibration
dampening the lid goes on and the whole
unit will plug in and mount over the
existing pipe that pokes through the
back of the bottom of the floor there's
a couple of tabs for screwing it on so
I'm going to install it and then we'll
see how it works so here's the finished
and mount installed it's clean quiet and
securely fashioned under the house where
the noise and discharge will not be
noticeable the new fan box is much
quieter than the first and get a tip
from a reader suggested that a larger
diameter fan moving at a slower rpm
would be quiet quieter by nature and he
was right this band isn't much quieter
so if you'll excuse me I have some
reading to catch up on thanks for
watching